# ForgettingCuckoHashTable Implementation
 Implementation in Java of a hash table equivalent to the one used in the Monolith system. The first key idea of the hash table used is the cuckoo hashing technique employed to handle key collisions.

 The term "cuckoo" comes from the cuckoo bird, which places its egg in another bird's nest and, to better deceive other birds, may even steal or discard one of the existing eggs. Using this idea as inspiration, a hash table with cuckoo hashing works as follows: instead of a single open addressing table, there are two open addressing tables (T0 and T1), each approximately half the size. Two different hash functions (h0 and h1) are also used. The h0 function determines the position of a key in table T0, and the h1 function determines the position of a key in table T1.

 The insertion operation is effectively the most complicated operation of this hash table and may be heavier than insertions in conventional hash tables. However, the upside is that the search operation becomes extremely efficient. When inserting a key, we start by applying the h0 function to determine the position for the key in table T0. If the determined position is available, we insert the key and return (in this case, it is equivalent to inserting into a conventional hash table). However, if the position in T0 is already occupied, we then apply a cuckoo-like approach. We place the new key in the position indicated by h0 and take the key that was there before, relocating it to table T1 using the h1 hash function. It may also happen that when trying to place the old key in T1, another key is already in the desired position. No problem, we apply the cuckoo technique again, but this time, the key that was there is placed in table T0 using the h1 hash function. Figure 1 illustrates an example of key insertion that results in multiple cuckoo operations. When trying to place key A in T0, we have to move key B to T1. Placing key B in T1, we have to move key C to T0. Moving key C to T0, we have to move key D to T1. Finally, when trying to place D in T1, we realize that the space for D in T1 is available, so we can stop.
